JP-3224 MRS time dependent Photom correction (#7600)
spacetelescope/jwst: docs/jwst/photom/main.rst

the SCI and ERR arrays of the science exposure, which converts the pixel values
from countrate to surface brightness.
Variance arrays are multiplied by the square of the conversion factors.

> The MIRI MRS data has a time-variable photometric response that is significant at
> long wavelengths. Using observations of calibration standard stars a correction
> has been constructed using an exponential function that asymptotically approaches a
> constant value in each band. A plot of the count rate loss as a function of MRS
> band is given in Figure 1.
> 
> .. figure:: Model_summary.png
>    :scale: 50%
>    :align: center
> 	   
> Figure 1:
> Time-dependent decrease in the observed MRS count rate from internal flat calibration observations.
> Solid points illustrate measurements at the central wavelength of each of the 12 MRS bands;
> curves represent the best fit models used for correction by the pipeline.
> 
> 	   
> 
> If the time-dependent throughput correction has been
> determined for a MRS band the photom reference file will contain
> additional extension of binary tables containing the correction parameters.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MIRI MRS data have a time-variable photometric response that is significant at
long wavelengths. A correction has been derived from observations of calibration standard stars.
The form of the correction uses an exponential function that asymptotically approaches a
constant value in each wavelength band. A plot of the count rate loss in each MRS
band, as a function of time, is shown in Figure 1.

.. figure:: Model_summary.png
   :scale: 50%
   :align: center
	   
Figure 1:
Time-dependent decrease in the observed MRS count rate as measured from internal flat-field exposures.
Solid points illustrate measurements at the central wavelength of each of the 12 MRS bands;
curves represent the best fit models used for correction in the pipeline.

The MRS photom reference file contains a table of correction coefficients
for each band in which a correction has been determined. If the time-dependent
coefficients are present in the reference file for a given band, the photom step will
apply the correction to the exposure being processed.
```
